Hello, I’m from Ukraine, the city of
Khmelnitsky, what city of Russia are you from,
and how old are
you? Orenburg Southern Urals And what brought you snails
?
No, in the 80s, when I served in the Odessa
region, we were sent
to clean up
good military training,
yes yes, but  now they say not beetroots dumb
not sugar factories dumb now now
it’s easier now you don’t have to drive soldiers to
remove beetroot now there is a combine
that removes beetroot is
understandable but we are engaged in factories from where,
in my opinion,
you just know in the union there were such
technologies that it was necessary for soldiers to drive
beetroot to dig up manually
see now  The fact is that the
technologies are such that one plant can
produce as many products as
before 5
I understand, I say it was a long time ago
such technologies are everywhere in the West I
just studied history and looked for Where in Europe
or in America soldiers were driven by Buryaks and
did not find the 80s  years
there were no migrants driving there
good history you see stories well
know bad bad little  You don’t know very well
Yes, but we have Soldiers Yes, there are Latinos, that
is, it turns out, let’s take, for example, Italy
France Yes, Latinos worked there in the fields,
or France black black The continent
worked you don’t know the 80s Yes,
I just think The Turks probably hide from us
how the Buryaks dug
No, why was it
not enough, they invited the Turks? Well,
look, about the Buryaks, if
Germany was divided into two parts of the GDR and the
FRG of the GDR under the Soviet Union, as
I understand it, the Soldiers were digging the Buryaks and the
FRG who would have dug the rivers
who told you that they didn’t work in the GDR
[applause]
[music]
Well, yes, I understand, but now in Russia
only the Bashkirs are engaged in barriques and it
turns out.
strength to collect rivers there
on the collective farm
then there was a
society such Soviet
workers at the factory receive money for
their work, so you sol  date they took to
serve the young and threw them for free
to collect Beetroots on the field for some reason Why
does the worker get his job money and
you, as a soldier, do it for free
how much
Well, I don’t remember how much he earned
Who who got good money
earned
also served every month as a
conscript served
how much you were paid
Well, in every way I don’t remember more than a
year passed again rubles paid 5 rubles
per 100 per month but it doesn’t matter
if it’s 5 rubles per month
yes yes a
loaf of bread is something like 20 kopecks
it cost
no
Well let's do it if 10 kopecks is
50 loaves of bread a month we paid
yes we were fully supported by the work of
Odessa
I just wanted to understand the size of this fee Yes it's
cool because
someone couldn't earn 50 loaves of bread Yes he
just worked for free  cool I
must say again we were
fully supported
I want to understand you were taken away you were
there for two years on state security  they lived in the barracks, they
ate bread there and they took you to
Buryaki and paid about 5 rubles a month
for Buryaki, it’s more to earn there
How much I wonder because
stories hide this from us, what
difference does it make to you why you need it I want to
understand because  that I found the USSR only
10 years old I’m 81 years old why do you need this
This is the history of my country why do you
need this because look at us Now they are
telling that it was bad under the USSR I
don’t believe I want to figure it out
because I now have the country of Ukraine
Yes but I was born  in the USSR,
older people tell some that it was
bad, others that it was good
I can tell you
[applause]
grandma is no longer alive has already died
queues for bread there were
queues for bread yes
Maybe I'm sitting we ourselves we
never were not engaged not for chl
there were no queues for anything, and now you will
live in Orenburg now
We don’t exist, where is the
Orenburg region Look, you
support this war against Ukraine Otherwise,
it’s war that it’s
forbidden to name you special offers
you support Tell
me whether you support or not You support me  you're afraid
you're burning up you're looking for just say you
support or don't support a
terrorist operation yes we have
which has outgrown because that's
okay tell me if you support or not
support yes understood look now i
want to say russia is a rich country
very rich yes it has oil diamonds
gas  And where all the oil and gas money goes.
Well, it’s not like you didn’t come in, it’s not my business. It’s
interesting
for your
uncle. That is, it’s your business what
happens here in Ukraine, and it’s not my business
what you have there. Why look why
grandfather is like that who sits in  The Czech Republic in
Slovakia, which has no gas oil and
which buys money from Russia, pays
money to Russia, lives better than  you have
teeth like a jaw I haven’t seen
people here in the Czech Republic Slovakia oil
where your money is not your business it doesn’t
take long for such a fart to explode in them because
they understand that they are slaves they are robbed by the
richest country he lives with
these gold teeth so
in such a shock of the world  without civilization and
rejoices That they took him to Buryaki in the
80s,
this is a country of slaves, not a generation of slaves until a
generation grows up that
feels what freedom is, they don’t
understand They understand they steal from them,
they steal shamelessly because such
the country’s richest resources are sitting with
gold  with these teeth like that
and
condemn something there about Ukraine And you, the grandfather
burned out, switched like this, we will be with a
small skin, so
Subscribe Like Subscribe with
donations that our informative
activity is mine